#!/usr/bin/env perl6
#
use v6;

#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# 
=begin pod

=comment First few levels gets numbered
=config head1 :numbered
=config head2 :numbered

=head1 Library program

=head1 Introduction

Long ago I've started to think about how to maintain the large amount of
documents on my system which consists of anything textual or imaginary like
photos. Storing on disk you can give it a name and store in some place in the
hope that you can find it later. You can than also make links to the same data
to provide extra information in the form of a filename. This will soon be a
problem when the file is placed in another location.

I now wanted a solution which does not duplicate any information except for a
backup and also not clobbering the filesystem with links to some other
location. And there this program comes in.

In this document I try to make clear what is needed to build the modules and
program and what to build myself. This must be viewed in light of a set of
prioritized requirements.

=head1 Ideas to implement
=head2 Files can be located anywhere

=head1 Priorities




=head1 See also

 * Freemind drawing in Library.mm

=end pod




#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#`(
use Pod::To::HTML;
my Str $html = pod2html($=pod);
)

my $pdf-name = $*PROGRAM.IO.basename;
$pdf-name ~~ s/\.  <-[.]>+  $/.pdf/;
note "Program: $*PROGRAM";
my $sts = shell("perl6 --doc=HTML $*PROGRAM | wkhtmltopdf - $pdf-name");


#`(
use IO::Pipe;

my IO::Pipe $pipe .= new();
$pipe.to($cmd);

$pipe.print($html);
)
